okay i just was curious is how is (***)
Yeah.
It focuses on the elves, right?
okay
Yeah.
No, no the book was written by Tolkien. yeah
It's a token word. Silmarillion.
Yeah.
ahh
Okay, I tried to read it
I couldn't get into it.
Okay, so I should just, yeah.
so i should just yeah okay
Yeah,
oh okay
yeah
haahaa (***
Which one? Oh, they're finally
Is it by Disney?
yeah
Because they made up to Caspian, right?
That's a third book, right?
Yeah.
oh (***)
Oh, okay.
oh okay
Yeah.
the young
youngest one, right?
ohh cousin. I never read them.
Yeah.
yeah i
i (***)
I never got into the Narnia series. I read Lion, Witch, and the Witch.
wardrobe and that was and i kind of stopped there
I don't know. I don't like the lion.
That's the most important. like Crucifixion scene.
It's just the images of the people.
dancing around I didn't like it when I first
When I was a kid, I got torture sick.
In the book? Yeah, like I just didn't...
Yeah, it didn't sit well with me and I just kind of never...
But I didn't really know how it was like, oh, OK, that was Jesus.
haahaa
no We never get that far.
Maybe children's books, but yeah, it's just we don't have time to read
like books yeah
I introduced some authors, but...
We don't really, yeah. but yeah
Yeah, but in the English classes they made like, um...
(***) game barefoot game
Yeah, they made that. ahh
as part of their curriculum.
Some other there's some other Japanese books that thing.
(***) exposed to but I yeah
But they don't, yeah. I don't get the time to because I have to teach grammar.
haahaa
ahh
yeah
Number three.
haahaa
He said it was a surprise that he said a girl.
Grumpy old man. Yeah, I'm surprised.
Oh, that's very sad.